org/patterns/adapter/InchToMmDictancerAdapter.java
 org.patterns.adapter.InchToMmDictancerAdapter
org/patterns/strategy/SendService.java
 org.patterns.strategy.SendService
org/patterns/factory/base/AutoTransport.java
 org.patterns.factory.base.AutoTransport
org/patterns/strategy/SmsSender.java
 org.patterns.strategy.SmsSender
org/patterns/decorator/old/Printer.java
 org.patterns.decorator.old.Printer
org/patterns/adapter/InchDistancer.java
 org.patterns.adapter.InchDistancer
org/patterns/strategy/Message.java
 org.patterns.strategy.Message
org/patterns/factory/TransportFactory.java
 org.patterns.factory.TransportFactory
org/patterns/singleton/Main.java
 org.patterns.singleton.Main
org/patterns/strategy/Main.java
 org.patterns.strategy.Main
org/patterns/decorator/HtmlPrinterDecor.java
 org.patterns.decorator.HtmlPrinterDecor
org/patterns/strategy/MailSender.java
 org.patterns.strategy.MailSender
org/patterns/singleton/NaiveSingleton.java
 org.patterns.singleton.NaiveSingleton
org/patterns/factory/base/AviaTransport.java
 org.patterns.factory.base.AviaTransport
org/patterns/decorator/old/Printable.java
 org.patterns.decorator.old.Printable
org/patterns/factory/AutoTransportFactory.java
 org.patterns.factory.AutoTransportFactory
org/patterns/adapter/MmDistancer.java
 org.patterns.adapter.MmDistancer
org/patterns/singleton/EnumSingleton.java
 org.patterns.singleton.EnumSingleton
org/patterns/factory/Demo.java
 org.patterns.factory.Demo
 org.patterns.factory.Demo$TransportType
org/patterns/factory/AviaTransportFactory.java
 org.patterns.factory.AviaTransportFactory
org/patterns/decorator/PrinterDecor.java
 org.patterns.decorator.PrinterDecor
org/patterns/decorator/JsonPrinterDecor.java
 org.patterns.decorator.JsonPrinterDecor
org/patterns/strategy/Sender.java
 org.patterns.strategy.Sender
org/patterns/adapter/Main.java
 org.patterns.adapter.Main
org/patterns/decorator/Main.java
 org.patterns.decorator.Main
org/patterns/factory/base/Transport.java
 org.patterns.factory.base.Transport
